src/pages/about/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: about-page
title: About Us
---
### Welcome to Villa V

Welcome to Villa V, your home away from home on the island of Spetses. This Guidebook is intended to help you get acquainted with the area and your Spetses home. We've distilled our \_\_\_\_ years of area knowledge for you to enjoy the very best that Spetses has to offer! Along with our area guide you'll also find everything you need to know about this home.

### Your Villa

We have sought to equip the home to a high standard and to anticipate your needs by providing all the things you might want for a luxurious stay. Body wash, shampoo and conditioner are available in the bathroom. The kitchen has been stocked with tea, coffee, and hot chocolate for when you wake up to the stunning view. A hair dryer is provided as standard and a washer / dryer in the building is available so that you don’t have to worry about luggage restrictions.

### Our Philosophy

You want to have a wonderful holiday and we want that for you too.  We believe that when you are here this is your home for however long you are staying and that you should be relaxed, comfortable and happy.

### Welcome to your perfect vacation in Spetses, Greece!

Commit message:

Move gallery to main page

src/pages/about/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: about-page
title: Villa V
---

Villa V, designed and decorated by a leading Greek architect, is the perfect destination for (up to) 10 vacationers looking to experience Greece in its full beauty. With 5 bedrooms, each with its own bathroom and shower, a private pool, a fully-equipped kitchen, a fully-fenced garden and expansive courtyard, a Weber gas BBQ, and Wi-Fi everywhere, inside and outside within the property, you’ll have everything needed to make the most of your trip. 

The villa includes 5 spacious bedrooms, each one with its private bathroom (shower/toilet) and outfitted in a specific theme. Explore the comfort of each bedroom and enjoy your stay in modern comforts with personal touches.

- Top level: The Vintage Soul master bedroom evokes the touches of a bygone era. It has a traditional king-size bed with individually adjustable mattresses to personalize your comfort. In the Blue Sea bedroom, two single beds can be easily reconfigured into a double bed. The two bedrooms share a 12 sq-m (130 sq-ft) open-air, sea-facing balcony with jaw-dropping view. Lounge in comfort under the provided umbrella and enjoy sunrise or sunset with a glass of wine or a complimentary shot of our own Limoncello, prepared from local lemons renowned for their fragrance.

- Main level: From the front gate of the property, walk up a few steps surrounded by fragrances from luscious plants. The main level is comprised of an open-concept kitchen with adjoining dining room, guest WC, and a comfortable living room with a wood-burning fireplace and a large flat-screen smart TV. Alternatively, have ouzo and fresh fish at the outside table on the large covered open-air sea-facing balcony.

- Pool level: The Autumn Leaves and the Seagulls bedrooms both have double beds, which can be separated into single beds, as your needs dictate. The two bedrooms open to the large courtyard and pool via French doors. Further inside, the Boat Cabin has a roomy bunk bed for the sailors in your party. In the spacious courtyard, an oversized table that seats twelve diners comfortably, an outdoor bar, wicker furniture and comfortable lounge chairs and small tables are there for the enjoyment of your food and beverage poolside. 

The kitchen is fully-stocked with modern cooking appliances, making it hassle-free to whip up a home cooked feast. Enjoy indoor dining around the table or take the party outdoors, celebrating the sights of the sea, islands, and town. Take to the outdoor lounge, dangle your legs in the pool and enjoy the mouth-watering aroma coming from the provided grill. Soak up the sun on an outdoor recliner and plan your next Vespa ride through the hills, collecting sights, fragrances, and views.

------

** A baby crib is available upon request.

** On-street parking for your rented scooters is plentiful.  

** Smoking is not allowed anywhere inside the building. Pets are allowed upon request, subject to a cleaning deposit. Please let us know. To maximize everyone’s enjoyment, please be respectful of our neighbors. 

** Your fully stocked villa comes equipped with a vacuum cleaner, washing machine, air conditioner in all areas/rooms, and iron. Forgot something? Just ask. We’ve already got it or can get it for you.

** Our extensive connections and friendships on the island are at your disposal. Would you like to enjoy a luxurious spa experience? We can arrange that. Lease a wooden boat with skipper for a completely private day trip? We can set you up. Marvel at the cultural riches of the island with a private tour of the Spetses Museum, the Bouboulina Museum, or other sights? You only have to ask. Wondering about the best restaurants on the island? We can help you make reservations or provide you with a list of our favorite casual dining experiences. We are here to ensure that your experience of Greek hospitality is unparalleled. Our mission is to help you fall in love with Spetses, the island that the Greek side of our family has called home for almost 200 years and shared with the American-Norwegian-Swedish-Finnish-German-Croatian side of the family for the past 35 years. Our diverse Spetses visitors have become the island’s most eloquent advocates abroad and have chosen to make this beautiful island one of their frequent vacation spots. 

Join us! We await your arrival.
